This project aims to develop a fully functional backend for a dropshipping website.


Tools and Technologies required:
1)nest js
2)MongoDB


In MongoDB we need 4 collections as of now.

1)Customer_info
2)Product_info
3)Seller_info
4)Payments_info

We need to define schemas for these.

Functionality:

1)Customer should be able to create an account in our website.
2)They should be able to login and also be able to update their account details.
3)They should be able to see the products_list.

Similarly,

1)Seller should be able to create a business account.
2)They should be able to upload images of their product along with product description and available quantity.
3)They should be able to recieve money after transaction.


API's:

Roles:Customer or Seller

Seller:

1)Sign up API (Done)
Description:In seller collection, it should add all the details of seller.(Ensure role check).

2)Sign in API(Done)
Description:Should check if username and password are correct and allow access.

3)Inside account, webpage API's (CRUD Operations)-4 API's
Description:Should be able to view their current products available. Either add or remove or update the current stock position.

4)Update account details API.
Description:Should be able to update their account details.

5)Order History.
Description:Should be able to view their past and current orders.


Customer APIs

1)Sign Up API(Done)
 Description: Able to create a account.API should be able to add the customer details to customer_info DB

2)Sign In API (Done)
 Description: Should be able to match the account details with customer_info DB and allow access.

3)Search Product API
 Description: Should be able to get the info of product as per request. Each product can have multiple categories.

4)View Product API 
 Description: Should be able the show details (inage,price) and description of a Product.

5)Order History
 Description: Should be able to fetch past and ongoing order details from payment_info DB.(Add a field about current status of order, such as delivered or in progress)